**Remark**
If some structure is not el. equivalent to some other we will skip showing whether is el. embeddable because this is not possible. Instead, we will look for just embeddability.

The structures, with language $<$: $(N, <), (Z, <), (N^+, <), (Z \setminus \{0\}, <), (Q \setminus \{0\}), (Q^+, <), (R, <), (R\setminus \{0\}, <), (R^+, <), (R - Q, <)$

---
$(N, <) \subset (Z, <)$ no functions, no constants.
$(N, <) \ncong (Z, <); (Z, <) \models \forall x \exists z\quad z < x$  
$(N, <) \text{ is not elementary embeddable in } (Z, <)$ again because, if it were, then we would find an elementary substructure of $(Z, <)$, call it $(C, <)$ such that it is isomorphic to the naturals but this would mean by transitivity that $N, <$ and $Z, <$ are equivalent which the previous point shows they are not.

All above holds as well for $(N, <)$ and $(R, <)$ 

---
$(N, <) \not\subset (Q^+, <)$ as $0 \in N$.
$(N, <) \ncong (Q^+, <)$ density of rationals is a FO formula.
$(N, <) \text{ is embeddable to } (Q^+, <)$ as $(N^+, <)$ is a substructure and $N$ is isomorphic to $N^+$.

----
$(N^+, <) \subset (N, <)$.
$(N^+, <) \cong (N, <)$ as they are isomorphic.
$(N^+, <) \text{ is elementary embeddable to } (N, <)$: pick the isomorphism $i \mapsto i$ on the substructure $N^+$ of $N$.

It is to note that also $(N, <) \text{ is elementary embeddable to }(N^+, <)$: $i \mapsto i-1$

---

There are too many, so lets skip to rationals and reals.
$(R \setminus Q, <) \subseteq (R \setminus 0)$ 
$(R \setminus Q, <) \cong (R \setminus 0)$:
this can be proven using a *back-and-forth* argument, suppose you have an L-sentence, you do not have constants so its just a bunch of quantifiers and variables. Make all quantifiers in existential form so it is easier and this can be easily done.
So the formula can be seen as $\exists a_1, ...,a_n \phi[a_1,..,a_n]$ and this could contain rationals. So order $a_1,...a_n$ and say that $a^*_i$ is the i-th element in this ordering. If $a^*_i$ is a rational number and $i\neq n$take $z=a^*_{i+1}$ otherwise take $z=a_n +1$. $z$ is a real number and by density of irrational number in reals you can pick $a^*_i < q < z$ irrational number which still satisfies the ordering (and that is all we can express in the language). So choose that $q$ and substitute. After this is done for each rational index you will have a formula true in $(R \setminus Q, <)$.

Similar thing can be done backwards: if some $a^*_i$ is 0 then simply pick any real number between 0 and $a^{i+1}$.
