$E(6, 7, 3), E(7, 8, 3)$ they are always locally isomorphic.
So i say $Sy$ has always a winning strategy. 

$Sy_6(i) = i+1, Sy_7(j)=j-1 \forall i,j \neq 0$ #todo


$E(\omega, \xi, 3)$ the Di player always wins as he picks $0$ in the naturals it will force a move in the integers, and then it simply picks any integer lower than that and the $Sy$ cannot replicate it as it needs to pick a number greater than 0.

$E(\omega, \omega+\omega, 3)$, Di always wins. He first picks $0_{\aleph_0}$ from $\omega+\omega$ and then Sy picks any number in $\omega$ say $i$. Now Di picks $i-1$ and Sy is forced to pick any number less than $0_{\aleph_0}$ in $\omega + \omega$ call it $j_{<0_{\aleph_0}}$. Now $Sy$ moves in $\omega+\omega$ and picks any number greater than $j_{<{0_{\aleph_0}}}$ but smaller than $0_{\aleph_0}$(there is an infinity of them) call it $t$. Now $Sy$ is forced to pick a number in $\omega$ between $i,i-1$ but there is none.

$E(15, \omega+\omega^*, 4)$ #todo

$E(\omega, \omega+\xi, 5)$ Sy always wins. To prove this we use the split lemma and move by cases.
Say $Di$ plays in $\omega$ then we can replicate it in the $\omega$ part of $\omega+\xi$ structure and we have $Sy(i\downarrow, j\downarrow, 4)$ (since i = j) and $Sy(i\uparrow, j\uparrow, 4)$ by inductive hypo. since $i\uparrow = \omega$ and $j \uparrow = \omega+\xi$ .

If $Di$ plays in $\omega+\xi$ then we divide by cases where it *actually plays*:
- if $i$ in the omega part then we can reason as above and move by induction.
- recall that $\xi$ is the same as $\omega^* + \omega$. So we split by cases on those two:
	- If it plays in $\omega^*$ then this splits it in $\omega + \omega^* + \omega$ since the split appends only a finite number of elements before the last $\omega$ from $\omega^*$ it has type $\omega$. Let $i$ be an integer greater than 4. We need then to prove by split lemma $Sy(\omega+\omega^*, i\downarrow, 4)$ and $Sy(\omega, i\uparrow, 4)$. The second proposition is immediate as $i\uparrow=\omega$ and the first one can be proved using Lemma 3.12.2.
	- If it plays in $\omega$ it splits the problem in proving $Sy(\omega+\omega^*, i\downarrow 4)$ as we append a finite number of elements from $\omega$ to $\omega^*$ and  $Sy(\omega, i\uparrow, 4)$ which you can prove reasoning as the above point.
