## Proving that games of length 3 are enough

So we need to prove that transitivity is preserved.
Suppose it was not, we will prove that Sy will loose.

Suppose in $A$ we have 1 < 2 < 3 and that 1 < 3.
But in B we have a < b < c and a > c.

Then do as this, Di picks a. Then we don't care what Sy picks let it be *i*.
Then Di picks b and Sy should pick something greater than *i*, say *j*.
Then Di picks c and Sy should pick something greater *j*.

Now $c_a > c_c$ holds in B but does not hold in A, but we supposed Sy had always a winning strategy so this cannot happen.
## Proving that games of length 2 are not enough

Is it possible to break transitivity with games of length 2?
Meaning is it possible to have a winning strategy such that it breaks the transitivity conditions on the elements of the structure.

So assume a simple linear ordering $A$: 1 < 2 < 3 < 4 < 5 which has transitivity so, for example we have 2 < 4, but we wish to know if there exists B such that some elements break transitivity.
Consider B: a < b < c < d < e where everywhere transitivity holds except for $b > d$.

So if Di picks 1 Sy should pick a, and the rest is obvious.
So if Di picks 2 Sy should pick c; and now if Di picks 1, Sy picks b, if Di picks > 2 Sy picks d, if Di picks < c Sy picks 1, if Di picks > c Sy picks 3.
Di picks 3, so Sy should pick c and reason as above.
Di picks 4, so Sy picks c and reason as above.
Di picks 5 so Sy e and reason as above.

If Di picks a then Sy should pick 1 and it clearly wins.
If Di picks b then Sy should pick 2, then Di can pick:
- 1 then Sy answers a
- >= 3 Sy answers c
- a then Sy answers 1
- c then Sy answers 3
- d then Sy answers 1
- e then Sy answers 3
If Di picks c then Sy should pick 3 and it clearly wins
If Di picks d then Sy should pick 4, then Di can pick:
- < 4 and Sy answers with a
- 5 and Sy answers with e
- a and Sy answers 1
- b and Sy answers 5
- c and Sy answers 1
- e and Sy answers 5
If Di picks e then Sy should pick 5 and it clearly wins.

